com/kodilla/abstracts/homework/Application.java
 com.kodilla.abstracts.homework.Application
com/kodilla/abstracts/homework/Brukarz.java
 com.kodilla.abstracts.homework.Brukarz
com/kodilla/abstracts/homework/Person.java
 com.kodilla.abstracts.homework.Person
com/kodilla/basic_assertion/Application.java
 com.kodilla.basic_assertion.Application
com/kodilla/abstracts/Animal.java
 com.kodilla.abstracts.Animal
com/kodilla/basic_assertion/ResultChecker.java
 com.kodilla.basic_assertion.ResultChecker
com/kodilla/inheritance/homework/Application.java
 com.kodilla.inheritance.homework.Application
com/kodilla/abstracts/homework/Job.java
 com.kodilla.abstracts.homework.Job
com/kodilla/abstracts/homework/Piekarz.java
 com.kodilla.abstracts.homework.Piekarz
com/kodilla/abstracts/Application.java
 com.kodilla.abstracts.Application
com/kodilla/abstracts/Dog.java
 com.kodilla.abstracts.Dog
com/kodilla/basic_assertion/PrimeChecker.java
 com.kodilla.basic_assertion.PrimeChecker
com/kodilla/inheritance/homework/OperatingSystem.java
 com.kodilla.inheritance.homework.OperatingSystem
com/kodilla/school/GradesTestSuite.java
 GradesTestSuite
com/kodilla/abstracts/homework/rectangle.java
 com.kodilla.abstracts.homework.rectangle
com/kodilla/school/Student.java
 com.kodilla.school.Student
com/kodilla/abstracts/Duck.java
 com.kodilla.abstracts.Duck
com/kodilla/basic_assertion/Calculator.java
 com.kodilla.basic_assertion.Calculator
com/kodilla/basic_assertion/Assertions.java
 com.kodilla.basic_assertion.Assertions
com/kodilla/bank/homework/BankTestSuite.java
 com.kodilla.bank.homework.BankTestSuite
com/kodilla/abstracts/homework/square.java
 com.kodilla.abstracts.homework.square
com/kodilla/inheritance/homework/Windows.java
 com.kodilla.inheritance.homework.Windows
com/kodilla/school/Grades.java
 com.kodilla.school.Grades
com/kodilla/inheritance/homework/Linux.java
 com.kodilla.inheritance.homework.Linux
com/kodilla/abstracts/AnimalProcessor.java
 com.kodilla.abstracts.AnimalProcessor
com/kodilla/abstracts/homework/Shape.java
 com.kodilla.abstracts.homework.Shape
com/kodilla/abstracts/homework/triangle.java
 com.kodilla.abstracts.homework.triangle
com/kodilla/school/StudentTestSuite.java
 com.kodilla.school.StudentTestSuite
com/kodilla/bank/homework/CashMachine.java
 com.kodilla.bank.homework.CashMachine
com/kodilla/bank/homework/Bank.java
 com.kodilla.bank.homework.Bank
